launchit/auth/model/Agent.java
 launchit.auth.model.Agent
launchit/auth/profile/LauncherProfiles.java
 launchit.auth.profile.LauncherProfiles
launchit/formatter/arguments/ArgRule.java
 launchit.formatter.arguments.ArgRule
launchit/formatter/adapter/ArgumentSerializer.java
 launchit.formatter.adapter.ArgumentSerializer
launchit/formatter/libraries/Artifact.java
 launchit.formatter.libraries.Artifact
launchit/auth/model/AuthenticateReq.java
 launchit.auth.model.AuthenticateReq
launchit/launcher/LauncherFile.java
 launchit.launcher.LauncherFile
 launchit.launcher.LauncherFile$Type
launchit/formatter/libraries/LibraryDownloads.java
 launchit.formatter.libraries.LibraryDownloads
launchit/utils/PasteUtils.java
 launchit.utils.PasteUtils
launchit/formatter/arguments/Arguments.java
 launchit.formatter.arguments.Arguments
launchit/formatter/rules/ExtractRules.java
 launchit.formatter.rules.ExtractRules
launchit/utils/OperatingSystem.java
 launchit.utils.OperatingSystem
launchit/formatter/rules/Rule.java
 launchit.formatter.rules.Rule
 launchit.formatter.rules.Rule$Action
launchit/events/factory/Cancelable.java
 launchit.events.factory.Cancelable
launchit/formatter/FileData.java
 launchit.formatter.FileData
launchit/utils/FilesUtils.java
 launchit.utils.FilesUtils
launchit/auth/model/RefreshRes.java
 launchit.auth.model.RefreshRes
launchit/formatter/Manifest.java
 launchit.formatter.Manifest
 launchit.formatter.Manifest$ManVersion
launchit/formatter/rules/OsRule.java
 launchit.formatter.rules.OsRule
launchit/auth/model/Profile.java
 launchit.auth.model.Profile
launchit/downloader/DownloadProgress.java
 launchit.downloader.DownloadProgress
launchit/launcher/events/ILauncherHandler.java
 launchit.launcher.events.ILauncherHandler
launchit/formatter/versions/VersionType.java
 launchit.formatter.versions.VersionType
launchit/auth/model/Settings.java
 launchit.auth.model.Settings
launchit/formatter/arguments/Argument.java
 launchit.formatter.arguments.Argument
launchit/events/AuthEvent.java
 launchit.events.AuthEvent
 launchit.events.AuthEvent$Login
 launchit.events.AuthEvent$Logout
 launchit.events.AuthEvent$Refresh
launchit/auth/model/RefreshReq.java
 launchit.auth.model.RefreshReq
launchit/formatter/adapter/LowerCaseEnumAdapter.java
 launchit.formatter.adapter.LowerCaseEnumAdapter
 launchit.formatter.adapter.LowerCaseEnumAdapter$1
launchit/formatter/FileType.java
 launchit.formatter.FileType
launchit/launcher/LauncherFiles.java
 launchit.launcher.LauncherFiles
launchit/events/factory/Event.java
 launchit.events.factory.Event
launchit/auth/model/AuthenticateRes.java
 launchit.auth.model.AuthenticateRes
launchit/auth/error/YggdrasilError.java
 launchit.auth.error.YggdrasilError
launchit/formatter/adapter/StringToListAdapter.java
 launchit.formatter.adapter.StringToListAdapter
launchit/formatter/assets/Asset.java
 launchit.formatter.assets.Asset
launchit/formatter/assets/AssetIndex.java
 launchit.formatter.assets.AssetIndex
launchit/launcher/LauncherManager.java
 launchit.launcher.LauncherManager
launchit/Launchit.java
 launchit.Launchit
 launchit.Launchit$1
launchit/game/GameInstance.java
 launchit.game.GameInstance
 launchit.game.GameInstance$StreamBoozer
launchit/downloader/errors/DownloadError.java
 launchit.downloader.errors.DownloadError
launchit/LaunchitConfig.java
 launchit.LaunchitConfig
launchit/downloader/errors/ConnectionError.java
 launchit.downloader.errors.ConnectionError
launchit/formatter/versions/Version.java
 launchit.formatter.versions.Version
 launchit.formatter.versions.Version$1
 launchit.formatter.versions.Version$DownloadType
launchit/game/GameManager.java
 launchit.game.GameManager
launchit/events/GameEvent.java
 launchit.events.GameEvent
 launchit.events.GameEvent$Log
 launchit.events.GameEvent$Start
 launchit.events.GameEvent$Stop
Main.java
 Main
launchit/formatter/libraries/Library.java
 launchit.formatter.libraries.Library
launchit/downloader/Downloadable.java
 launchit.downloader.Downloadable
launchit/auth/SessionManager.java
 launchit.auth.SessionManager
launchit/events/DownloaderEvent.java
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$1
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Check
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Check$Finished
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Check$Post
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Check$Pre
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Delete
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Delete$Finished
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Delete$Post
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Delete$Pre
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Download
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Download$Finished
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Download$Post
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Download$Pre
 launchit.events.DownloaderEvent$Download$Progess
launchit/formatter/versions/VersionFile.java
 launchit.formatter.versions.VersionFile
launchit/utils/UrlUtils.java
 launchit.utils.UrlUtils
launchit/downloader/errors/InvalidChecksumError.java
 launchit.downloader.errors.InvalidChecksumError
